Translation corrections (#163)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_omake.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtp_tomoe1008", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そうそう。",
			NULL, "\"Right.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtp_tomoe1009", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "今回はすべて後手後手に回っちゃって申し訳なかったけど、次からはそうはいきませんからね？",
			NULL, " I'm sorry that I always arrived too late this time, but I'll do better next time, ok?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtp_tomoe1010", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　警察官の沽券にかけても、犯人を捕まえてみせますから期待していてくださいよ」",

> 			NULL, " I swear on the honor of the police department that you can expect me to catch the culprit.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I swear on the honor of the police department that I will catch the culprit.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s20/37/vtp_chisato1042", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「おぉ～っ、頼もしい言葉！",

> 			NULL, "\"Ooooh, you sound reliable!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Ooooh, you sound so reliable!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"Mmmhmm?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s20/37/vtp_chisato1045", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　言ったからには責任持ちなさいよ、チミ？",

> 			NULL, " Now that you've said it, you've gotta take responsibility, you hear.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Now that you've said it, you've gotta take responsibility, you hear?", Line_WaitForInput);
```
